what's going on guys it's matt bronson
here we are incarceration yeah we're in
jail Jimbo muff is on the cops try to
get on top of it inside hahaha and we
are imprisoned on paulsoaresjr public
server stress test and we just started
recorded hey jumbo say hi hey yeah I to
YouTube how you do have you ever been on
you two before I have a Pete I'm so
excited hey so if you guys if you guys
saw her here wondering what we like why
we're in here and you're seeing this
video leave in the comments if you saw
us here unless you're Duncan we don't
want you to comment cuz they don't like
you shit just kidding we love you Duncan
Duncan all right you know that guy you
know that guy yeah when I was on our
server a lot shy little man no I know
not a part of any games I need to be way
bouncing ball I got diamond our bro I
gotta hobble I got done and done 12 this
is insane 112 the max is 50 invention
hundred dollars PvP was on and it
seriously Matt would be dead by now I
wish there's dynamic lighting cuz then I
didn't torch that'd be awesome oh there
is dynamic lighting you dare hmm not
like that type of diet but I good um I
don't know you'll be able to find him
once he found the big clump of people
huh once you find out about it uh oh by
the way guys this is Jerry the baby
chicken Jerry the chickens mb games
mascot yeah we had a jheri to point out
earlier because of that stupid jumbo kid
and muffin we found out who oh no no no
yes I know which one is Jerry no no no
Jerry which one is Jerry hung fat let me
handle this I know which one is Jerry
hey i'll let you do it ok get out of the
way p hey closest off to the public
Jerry Jerry don't move what a blackish
but hearing stop liking no back yeah
Jerry died that's ok we got Jerry coupon
i right
actually let's pretend like this is
Jerry the whole time I'm going crazy
actually let me go crazy right here uh
TNT trucker rich men crazy whoops I'm so
according this is just a derp recording
we're doing here they're 114 it one more
that's 115 huh watermelon finish I want
somes give me some of them yes
watermelon you go fish give me some of
Em's you get all the fish oh no I didn't
get any other fish give me some of them
you don't get none I will kill Jerry
three for them no it's two point oh d
now this is three point that's just
Jerry from the original bedrock no I
can't I pick up anything geez Wow kiddie
oh the kids you so mine is it is it
Bronson oh my gosh Ronson ah I mean I'm
Bronson jumbo with the eggs sliding down
still be fucking like it well the PS no
buggy oh well I'm recording so you know
what all right i think i might add it
here because the servers getting pretty
stressful yeah so i think i'll leave the
IP in the description see you guys
singer up singers here Matt singers here
uh huh no I kid oops I hit the wrong
button yeah I know that kid yeah i
unbanned in those a singer if you're
watching this you're unbanned from the
server so you're out of it hey like this
what a jokester you see line of car fan
money but shout out two THM underscore
18 for having the Steve skin same with
ghoster actually I think it is because
there's so many people that if they
don't have Steve's kids yeah oh they do
for me you have not aps bronx all right
oh oh oh oh oh thanks for watching guys
see
Sinai oh I got no no bro I got diamond
swords not really i have two cakes tho
you jelly I not be I got the sword huh
Oh minecraft crashed on me haha thanks
for watching see you next time